it's going on I'm captain Montgomery
here with Jason saghini and today is the
day finally for the 2014 18 tmls
all-star match but first we have the
annual media kept going on actually
right behind us in Jason zucchinis about
to get out there today is the day for
the media cup Jackie is what I wait for
all year hopefully we don't get hit by a
ball right now that were literally right
behind this well speaking of the media
Mark Abbott MLS Deputy Commissioner he
actually held a roundtable with a lot of
the media members yesterday and one
major topic of discussion is mls
expansion obviously a huge topic
surrounding the league this year it's
always a huge topic people love to talk
expansion and Mark Abbott addressed a
bunch of different things including the
meetings he's having here in Portland
with the Sacramento Republic a franchise
that's been doing so well on the lower
levels he also mentioned a bunch of
other cities whether it be Austin San
Antonio Texas Minnesota and then the one
that I think all the MLS players want to
go to at least once a year and that's
Las Vegas we actually have a piece on
the site watch out Jack we have a piece
on a site where where we ask the players
where they would want to expand to in
MLS and a bunch of them said Sacramento
because they like what's going on there
a bunch of them said Las Vegas who
doesn't want to let loose in Las Vegas
everyone smile right okay you're good
I'm keeping an eye out for you well no
SAC Republic has been doing very well as
the USO usl pro team they set a single
match record with about 20,000 fans in
attendance and the single-season record
with 118 thousand-plus so definitely
some huge numbers are putting up there
in Northern California well another
topic of discussion in the round table
yesterday was that the MLS is supportive
of changing the college schedule yeah
and that's been a proposal that's been
in the news lately Sasha Cirovski the
head coach the University of Maryland
one of the most storied programs is kind
of leading that charge to change the
college soccer season and play across
two different semesters that will be
better for the players spread out the
schedule better for development Mark
Abbott said look there's some logistical
things that need to be worked out but
MLS in as a whole is supportive of the
now just some of fun news that's been
actually coming out of Chicago it's lupe
fiasco the musician i'm sure many of you
have heard of him these have been
campaigning for Jermaine Jones to go to
the fire yeah today's the close of the
transfer window so anyone who is going
to come over via transfer needs to
happen by tonight but Jermaine Jones a
free agent so he could actually sign
later in the week he could sign any time
before the close of the full mls window
it's funny though to see Lupe Fiasco
kind of campaigning maybe it helps maybe
it does in the Chicago Fire fans I'm
sure we'd love to add that kind of
talent anytime there's a celebrity that
has a little bit of clout it's always
good you know attention a for computer
geek all right well that is going to do
it for us as I mentioned the 2014 8 eng
mls all-star match's just a few hours
away so we're going to talk to some of
the media members to get their
predictions of what's going to go down
tonight all right have tom mccarthy from
fox soccer now i know you have a game to
get to so we'll make this quick
predictions for tonight I think it'll be
close game anything mls all-star to give
him a run but bayern munich some more
cohesive unit at this point in the
season preseason even though they're in
preseason they got a lot of players who
are eager to impress I'll take Bayern
Munich 31 all right now we have Joe
mccurdy from CNN world sports I started
with a couple of double saves out there
you doing well in that I appreciate it
yeah all right so now I would like to
get your prediction on tonight's match
between the mls all-stars and Bayern
Munich now it would be a fool that would
that would vote against Bayern Munich I
know that but I am such a fool because I
think it's taken a lot of the u.s.
players against a lot of the German
players in the world cup very familiar
with each other the u.s. takes about 90
minutes to learn a team we did that in
the world cup I think the mls all-stars
will beat Bayern Munich I think it'll be
three two all right now we have US
soccer legend Kasey Keller we need your
prediction now I know you have a love
for Germany saw you might be but not for
unit that's like reaching lombok so I
love
have nothing against Bayern Munich but I
don't have a love for just icing Germany
and all girls I have a great time so can
I get your prediction for tonight's
match oh I'd say something like to nil
212 Bayern I think if Byron had been a
little bit further in there in their
preseason if they'd had all young a
major majority of their big stars are
just kind of flying in this morning to
make a bit of a cameo appearance but
it's still a very strong team that Byron
has here but I think if they were two
three weeks further along in their
preseason then it could be it could have
been a little bit a little little bit
more difficult task for the ulcers and I
mean it's tough I mean you have a great
all-star group of players but when you
get together for two days you're making
appearances the whole time and you're
you know you don't really quite have the
concentration but I think what they're
gonna try to stay organized they're
going to try to make it a little bit
more difficult all right well the 2014
18 see mls all-star match happening just
in a few more hours 9 30 p.m. eastern on
espn2 you can watch it live or of course
follow along on mlssoccer.com
you